Name: slim/slim-skeleton
Version: No version set (parsed as 1.0.0)
Licenses: MIT
Dependencies:

Name                                Version  License       
brick/math                          0.8.15   MIT           
doctrine/instantiator               1.3.1    MIT           
fig/http-message-util               1.1.4    MIT           
monolog/monolog                     2.1.1    MIT           
myclabs/deep-copy                   1.10.1   MIT           
nikic/fast-route                    v1.3.0   BSD-3-Clause  
opis/closure                        3.5.5    MIT           
phar-io/manifest                    1.0.3    BSD-3-Clause  
phar-io/version                     2.0.1    BSD-3-Clause  
php-di/invoker                      2.0.0    MIT           
php-di/php-di                       6.2.1    MIT           
php-di/phpdoc-reader                2.1.1    MIT           
phpdocumentor/reflection-common     2.2.0    MIT           
phpdocumentor/reflection-docblock   5.2.0    MIT           
phpdocumentor/type-resolver         1.3.0    MIT           
phpspec/prophecy                    1.11.1   MIT           
phpunit/php-code-coverage           7.0.10   BSD-3-Clause  
phpunit/php-file-iterator           2.0.2    BSD-3-Clause  
phpunit/php-text-template           1.2.1    BSD-3-Clause  
phpunit/php-timer                   2.1.2    BSD-3-Clause  
phpunit/php-token-stream            3.1.1    BSD-3-Clause  
phpunit/phpunit                     8.5.8    BSD-3-Clause  
psr/container                       1.0.0    MIT           
psr/http-factory                    1.0.1    MIT           
psr/http-message                    1.0.1    MIT           
psr/http-server-handler             1.0.1    MIT           
psr/http-server-middleware          1.0.1    MIT           
psr/log                             1.1.3    MIT           
ralouphie/getallheaders             3.0.3    MIT           
ramsey/collection                   1.0.1    MIT           
ramsey/uuid                         4.0.1    MIT           
sebastian/code-unit-reverse-lookup  1.0.1    BSD-3-Clause  
sebastian/comparator                3.0.2    BSD-3-Clause  
sebastian/diff                      3.0.2    BSD-3-Clause  
sebastian/environment               4.2.3    BSD-3-Clause  
sebastian/exporter                  3.1.2    BSD-3-Clause  
sebastian/global-state              3.0.0    BSD-3-Clause  
sebastian/object-enumerator         3.0.3    BSD-3-Clause  
sebastian/object-reflector          1.1.1    BSD-3-Clause  
sebastian/recursion-context         3.0.0    BSD-3-Clause  
sebastian/resource-operations       2.0.1    BSD-3-Clause  
sebastian/type                      1.1.3    BSD-3-Clause  
sebastian/version                   2.0.1    BSD-3-Clause  
slim/psr7                           1.1.0    MIT           
slim/slim                           4.5.0    MIT           
symfony/polyfill-ctype              v1.18.0  MIT           
theseer/tokenizer                   1.2.0    BSD-3-Clause  
webmozart/assert                    1.9.1    MIT           
